hello everyone this is action figure
expert here coming to you with my review
on marvel legends captain britain i'll
give you a little bio on him first AKA
brian braddock first came out in the UK
part of the UK Marvel productions
publications whatever you prefer to call
it i believe it was in the mid 70s he
had a weekly comic book and also if i'm
not mistaken it coincided with some of
the major titles like Hulk Fantastic
Four and spider-man I myself have never
read any of those solo act captain
britain comics but i have read several
issues of Excalibur from the 80s into
the early 90s if you don't know
Excalibur is a team of mutants
particularly x-men led by Captain
Britain based in the UK / united kingdom
i'll talk more about Excalibur later
when I get down to a little Excalibur
review for the most part when it comes
to his powers I'm not mistaken he mainly
just has super strength and can fly but
he is pretty powerful I haven't read
anything with Captain Britain in a while
so for all I know he could be more
powerful or gain powers throughout the
past 10 or so years um let's see uh
alright I guess I'll get down to the
review of the toy alright captain
britain came out in two thousand six in
the Giant Man series which was the only
toy biz walmart exclusive that was ever
made even though it wasn't exclusive
this way was pretty easy to find
especially compared to the Hasbro
exclusives such as the wal-mart and
target exclusive waves um
captain britain's got 40 points of
articulation he shares the same body
mold is century Black Panther Wonder Man
uh when it comes to the detail on this
figure the detail is pretty well done
you can see the paint apps on him you
can really see the British flag painted
all over his body and arms very similar
to say captain america you can see
within the red and some of the blue
there's a lot of gray / black shading on
him to give him a little depth make him
look more three-dimensional if you look
at the white parts of him there if you
make that out he's got blue shading on
his pants if you're wondering why those
are shaded blue for what I recall
instead of making them shaded black and
the comic books blue stuck out better
instead of putting black / white which
of course gave the the artwork more
depth and made it look more
three-dimensional let's see what else
can I tell you about him he's a pretty
well-made figure compared to some
there's about a handful of toy biz
figures that are well moulded but the
quality of them aren't up to par with
some but the quality on this figure at
least the ones that I have of him are
all pretty well done I don't have any
with any loose joints at the moment what
else can I tell you I think I told you
he's got about 40 points of articulation
I'll give you a quick show where that is
of course you know if you collect marvel
legends you know but most of the basic
articulations special
the toy biz ones
unfortunately I sort of wish that he had
individual fingers on his hands but at
least he can make a nice shaped fist
when he closes his fingers
and guess that's basically it for for
Captain Britain like I said easy pretty
well-made figure quality-wise i'll give
him a ten detail wise i'll give him a
ten availability i give it a nine it
wasn't exclusive but it was pretty easy
for me to find at least um that's
basically it thank you for watching my
reviews and stay tuned for more reviews
to come like you oh and one more thing I
wanted to point out some people believe
that there's a variance of Captain
Britain out there in actuality if you
can see the small picture on the back of
the car the kemah Captain Britain that
was just a prototype paint job captain
britain when they released this wave
they released it in too much of a hurry
that they didn't really get down to
making that particular version of
Captain Britain and there's only maybe a
handful of that particular paint job
floating around which is actually
considered a prototype so if you happen
to see that that usually means they got
a prototype in their hands alright
thanks
you